[IMP] CRM: Partially updated 'Assign leads with predictive lead scoring' (#15942)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/track_leads/lead_scoring.rst

Next, click on the date field next to the option :guilabel:`Consider leads created as of the:` to
select the date from which predictive lead scoring begins its calculations.

Lastly, click :guilabel:`Update` to save changes.

Change the probability manually
-------------------------------

An opportunity's probability of success can be changed manually on the opportunity form. Click on
the probability number to edit it. The probability for a lead **cannot** be manually set to 100%.
Attemping to convert a lead with a 100% probability into an opportunity will result in an error

> message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message:
```

.. image:: lead_scoring/100-percent-lead-error.png
   :alt: The error message that appears when attempting to convert a 100% probability lead into an
         opportunity.

Manually changing the probability supersedes the automatic probability updates for that

> lead/opportunity. However, the probability still automatically updates as the opportunity moves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lead/opportunity. The AI-computed probability still automatically updates as the opportunity moves
```

through each stage of the pipeline or as more information is added to the lead form. To overwrite

> the manual probability, click on the :guilabel:`(Switch to AI-computed probabilities)` icon next to

Author: Pushing on without the icon for now, but changing the language to be less clunky, per @Felicious's suggestion.

> percentage.

Reviewer 2: possible see also here to the AI app docs? not sure which article to best recommend tho... maybe the real issue here is that this doc for AI probability scoring doesn't exist at all! :D 

let's revisit this new doc opportunity after this PR
